Write an essay about "Democracy,An Expensive Necessity" in a formal tone.

Democracy is one of the best-known methods of governance. However, it does not come without its flaws. Several jurisdictions worldwide have adopted the essence of having the people determine the way they want to be ruled. However, since the principle of self-determination is highly revered, it is the most expensive way to order people. 
Democracy requires frequent elections to determine new leaders and give people the chance to decide on the direction they want their societies to take. However, this only ends up ruining the economy. In most countries, the electioneering year records closures of businesses due to political uncertainties. Currencies and shares lose their value in the process until the leaders are sworn in. This makes democracy an expensive deal. 
In the same breadth, the idea of having elections only brings about unnecessary competition among the political class, which has nothing to do with the development of society. In particular, politicians fix problems for fame and secure another term in office instead of doing it to transform people’s lives. This fuels populism as politicians strive to outdo each other in the eyes of the public. In the end, the services that people are offered are not geared towards making the world a better place. This makes this mode of governance costly as it hurts essential parts of the economy. 
In short, democracy is indeed an expensive necessity. Elections cause unnecessary political instability, which hurts the economy. The ruling class typically work for showoff instead of having the interest of the people at heart. However, despite the economic glitches attached to self-rule, it protects freedoms. People can vote for individuals they find worthy of ruling them. Public participation policy also ensures that the people take part in the decision making process. This part tries to cut the balance in shaping this form of governance as an expensive necessity. 
----
Write an essay about "A Brief Biography of Attila the Hun" in a formal tone.

Attila lived from 434-453 CE and was the leader of the ancient nomadic people known as the Huns and ruler of the Hunnic Empire, which he established. His name means "Little Father" and, according to some historians, may not have been his birth name but "a term of affection and respect conferred on his accession" (Man, 159). This name was synonymous with terror among his enemies and the general populace of the territories that his armies swept through. Attila's incursions into the regions of Germania drove the populations across the borders of the Western Roman Empire and contributed to its decline in the late 5th century CE. The influx of the Visigoths, in particular, and their later revolt against Rome, is considered a significant contributor to Rome's fall. The Visigoth victory over the Romans at the Battle of Adrianople in 378 CE was an event the Roman military never fully recovered from. Further, that victory encouraged the Huns to join the Visigoths (their former adversaries) in plundering Roman territories. The apparent weakness of Rome encouraged Attila, once he became leader of the Huns, to make and break treaties (such as the Treaty of Margus in 439 CE) without fear of consequences, and his wide-scale destruction of Roman cities and towns met with little or no resistance for the most part, making it clear that the Roman army was no longer the kind of invincible fighting force it once had been. 
Attila was a brilliant horseman and military leader, and he held his empire together through strength of his personality. Attila's ability to command a vast army of warriors was also in contrast to Roman generals of his time, who had difficulty keeping their non-Roman contingents under control Attila was a brilliant horseman and military leader, possessed a commanding presence, and held his empire together through the strength of his individual personality. He not only made the Huns the most effective fighting force of the time, but he also built a vast empire from virtually nothing in less than ten years. At its height, this empire stretched from central Asia across to modern-day France and down through the Danube Valley. After he died in 453 CE, his sons tried to hold his empire together but failed, and it broke apart by 469 CE.
----
